Allison McJannet 

Cory McKague 

Creative Coding I 

17 January 2024 

Last Lecture Reflection 

This lecture was incredibly impactful. Randy Pausch had such a cadence that made him feel relatable, honest, and inspiring. He really seemed to have a mentality centered around no regrets. I really struggle with feeling I’m not making the most of my life, or that I should have done certain things, I’ve missed out, made a wrong decision, etc. The things that happen in life that change you are okay and if you want to achieve certain dreams that you had in childhood, for example, you must work and strive for him. Randy didn’t seem to ever sit quietly when there was something he wanted to do or achieve. He exhausted all the options and opened all the doors possible, like when trying to experience zero gravity, or becoming an Imagineer. That’s super impactful. His stance on karma and doing the right thing when you can, leading to the results you need, was comforting. It's a push in the right direction to pursue the things I want in life.  

He said “experience is what you get when you don’t get what you want” was also incredibly impactful. I struggle with always wanting to get the right outcome and being perfect and often fail to see this. It's a reminder that the time that one felt was wasted always was going to be, failure is just another way to learn a lesson, etc. His description of the things he did in his life really showed that when he didn’t get what he wanted that was okay because he gained the experience needed for the next great adventure.  

He mentioned Indirect Learning which is something I think about a lot. Talking about how football isn’t just about the sport, it's about teaching teamwork, sportsmanship, and perseverance. Many of the things I do in life I try to analyze their greater purpose. Like how taking general education courses isn’t necessarily about the material. Just because one might not use that material later in life doesn’t mean the course didn’t increase your knowledge, intelligence, work ethic, etc. 

As he kept describing his life experiences, his lecture truly began to overshadow the fact that it would be his last due to cancer. That mentality of being so grateful for everything he’s done and accomplished was so inspiring to lead a life of gratitude. It really resonated with me. Other things that were inspiring were to “never lose the child-like wonder... [and] help others.” The last impactful statement for me was “It’s not about how to achieve your dreams it's about how to lead your life, if you lead your life the right way the karma will take care of itself the dreams will come to you.” Again, I struggle with a feeling like I’m wasting time to achieve my dreams, and this really hit home that maybe I’m not on the wrong track, it’s just going to take a few dips and turns before I see I might have always been on the right one. 