Allison McJannet 

Cory McKague 

Creative Coding I 

18 January 2024 

Learning Styles Reflection 

Reading this article reminded me of previous studies I’ve seen that have discounted/disproved the mentality that people have set learning styles. I remember reading about, and resonating with, how many people don’t necessarily have a specific learning style, the way they’ve found to learn has just been helpful. For example, maybe one doesn’t consider themselves a visual learner, but certain diagrams are helpful, and activities like science labs. They could have resulted in someone not thinking they were a kinesthetic learner because they didn’t have enough time in the science lab, or the instructions were unclear. How information and concepts are presented can make them more accessible to learn or not. It doesn’t necessarily break down into different learning styles. I always thought I learned better through visual diagrams and reading, but now reading heavier textbooks in college I find it helpful to find audiobooks or to read them aloud, something I never thought would be a way I’d learn.  

It was also interesting to read how these certain learning styles didn’t necessarily improve people’s academic scores or performance in class. I have also found that techniques and practices like spacing out studying time and trying to not just study/reread material but apply it, ask questions, etc. was helpful.  

Initially when taking the quiz, I struggled because I found myself wanting to choose multiple options for each question. It concerned me with how the results would come out when I had a hard time deciding which option applied the most. My result was visual learner and being an Art and Media Arts major that feels accurate. I agree with remembering things by sight and picturing what I’m learning in my head. I also do have difficulty with spoken directions and am distracted by sight and sound. I also agree with being attracted to color and rich imagery. I think some of the suggestions are things I already do, but some of them I find not as helpful. I think I need to avoid distractions when studying but I also desire to be in a busier room to study so I don’t feel isolated. 

 

My Learning Style Score:  

Auditory: 25% 

Visual: 40% 

Tactile: 35% 

 

 